Welcome back in in this lesson I want to show you how you can loop through the values of an array.
So we saw that we created multiple arrays here.
So what I wanted to do to get rid of the multi dimensions here because this will just simplify this
and make it a little bit easier.
So if I want to see all the values that are contained within the array so we can get rid of the stuff
here now.
And what I want to do is I actually want to look at the values that are contained in a car.
So how do we do that.
And there's a really easy way when it comes to a race where we can use a loop and we are going to look
at loops coming up in the latter lessons of this course as well in more detail.
But for now let's stick to what we can do within arrays so we can set up and we can do a for loop.
So for loop initialized with four and then we need to set the parameters that it's going to be looping.
So we just set a variable so we can just call that X and then in and then we specify the array.
So basically what's going to happen here with this simple line of code it's actually going to give us
the ability to loop through the values of the array.
So let me also console log out the value of x
and this is just a really neat simple loop function that's pre-built and you can use it within your
arrays.
So let's try and see what happens now.
So we see that we actually do loop through every single item in the array.
We start with index zero cat index 1 dog index to fish and then index three is a value of four and so
on some of these numbers kind of got a little bit jumbled because I just remember that that first one
line number 11 from the code is putting the index.
So this is the index value and then next is the item value.
So that's what that's outputting.
So it's just a quick way to loop through all of the content of your array.
So what I want you to do is to try that out on your own array as well.
We'll take one of the rays from the earlier lessons pasted into your editor and then loop through it.
So setting a variable and this variable can be anything that you want.
We're just using X at the moment.
Just make sure that when you want to retrieve those values that you're updating the value of x and then
this value so we need to do V-A are so specified so variable x in array.
So in is
needs to be included within this loop.
And then next we just need to specify which array we want it to loop through and we've got our array
called a r r.
So go ahead try it for yourself in the next lesson or you may be jumping into objects.